hey guys what is going on today I have a
minecraft mod to show you and look at
these bad boys they are they are wow
they're dragons and that's incredible
dragons and minecraft who thought that
would be possible now you can not only
look at these little dragons but guess
what you can do you can actually tame
them and ride them yeah look at these
now this blue dragon that you see right
here is he is evolved out of the other
blue one that is inside here these are
like the baby ones and you can also ride
the baby ones but yeah the really really
really small ones that that you can find
you cannot ride but the blue ones or the
ones that are about these sides who can
ride and let me make sure that it is day
okay so yeah just to show you that you
can ride them you will just right-click
them once you have nothing you got to
have nothing inside your hand and I'll
and I'll show you what what I mean if
you have bones in your hand it will not
let you ride them so you have to have
something are nothing inside your hand
to ride them she just right-click them
and there you go oh good fly up there we
go and get a better view of the dragon
you guys can see right here they're very
very very cool I thinking of the creator
of this needs to work on the animations
a little bit and i'll show you actually
how to tame one since there's one
community over there hold on one minute
Oh get back here so this is what you
want to do to tame them you want to get
your pigs me and for the sake of this
episode I am going to spawn some pigs
meat so I'm going to spawn about sixty
four of them so you want to take your
pigs meet go over to the dragon that you
want and you can see that this guy here
already attacked the sheep so they will
attack things for you to which is pretty
cool anyways what you want to feed them
a couple pieces of meat and once you've
done that you should be able to ride
them now here's the catch um if you
failed to tame them several times the
Dragon will start to attack you and
therefore he can't be tamed again you
will have to kill him because if you
don't kill him he will destroy you and
embarrass you to everyone and oh there's
a dragon over there too we might as well
go check him out but yeah guys this is
the
single epicycle player episode for
Monday's because you guys know that
mondays are single player episodes and a
lot of you guys may know that minecraft
mods are not completely updated as my
bird screeches in the background so I
apologize for that hopefully doesn't
show up in the recording oh well if she
does she'll have to be in this guy in
this episode anyways um let's go over
here because I'm pretty sure I saw the
dragon the up over there I'll tame him
as well but the dragonspawn actually
quite often which is kind of good at the
same time it's kind of bad it just
depends on the person because you know
if they spawn too often you it kind of
loses the edge of you know wow I got a
dragon um this mont is compatible with
mo creatures so with that being said you
can have this mod and mo creatures and
just have a blast but anyways yeah let
let go saying guys I can't have a
regular mo creature to venture episode
because mo creatures is not updated and
get your ass back here dragon Yusei
should get back here I must read you
thank you but um yeah with that being
said oh my god he kicked me off even
with all that dragon meat I mean even
with all that me okay let's feed your
fat ass since you love to eat all my
meat anyways guys um yes so this is
compatible with mo creatures so you can
have a whole bunch of fun and I cannot
have a regular mo creature adventure
because mo creatures is not updated yet
so with that being said I'm gonna have
to fit around with dragons and do stuff
like this that is creative I know this
episode is going to be short I know this
is probably kind of lame but guys this
is all I can provide as of now because
my mods are updated and all that kind of
good stuff and I don't want to start my
I don't want to start a completely fresh
single-player episode because I think
that would be pointless so I think what
I'm going to do is for every Monday and
told the mod is updated I'm going to
find some different mod for me to mess
around with and to show you guys whether
it's old whether it's new because I'm
sure some of you guys already knew about
this dragon mod but yeah I mean maybe
some of you didn't so I wanted to show
you anyways anyways guys you can find
the link to this mod in the description
below all you have to do is click
clicking and it'll take you there as for
installing the mod it's pretty simple
you guys can find all
all kinds of tutorials on YouTube and I
may make a mod tutorial I don't know
whenever I get time but with that being
said it's very simple guys to install
mods look it up on google look up on
youtube there's plenty of guys out there
to help you with that being said I want
to thank you guys for watching if you
like this kind of stuff definitely leave
this a thumbs up rating and always
leaving comments because I love reading
comments anyways I hope you guys
download this mod and have a great time
and again I apologize for the shore
episode but yeah this is all I can
really provide as well now i'm going to
try to finish some salt crafter i'm
gonna try to record some salt craft
episodes on tuesday and ads as my bird
screams into the background she's
driving me nuts anyways I'll talk to you
guys later and thank you for watching
you